it's not really my job
to give a fair and balanced account of
the um
racist and white supremacist worldview
of cory mccarthy
i'm simply giving you the opportunity
here and now
to hear him explain his philosophy
his world view in his own terms you know
blacks get on
whites for slavery they want reparations
for it when in fact
blacks were selling their own kind into
slavery to
whites and to the middle east and to
this day i believe there
actually is still slavery in africa yeah
so um there is way way way more fuss
about something white people did a few
hundred years ago
um and virtually no fuss about the
current
slave trade and sex slave trade going on
yeah
the same thing with where's black lives
matter when you know blacks kill blacks
in chicago
[ __ ] virtue signalers [ __ ] dumb
virtue signalers that's what you are
you're worthless
well basically they want white people to
pay out of white people to pander
which we have been doing for way too
[ __ ] that's cause there's too many
[ __ ] cucks
whereas in africa it's literally like
the most violent man gets the most women
you know in these kind of situations um
so they just have not evolved in the
same way that we have
all these guys are kind of stuck in an
echo chamber um
the golden one is a neo-nazi and he does
not consider himself
a neo-nazi now why is that because he
surrounds himself with other people who
are
even more extreme we're gonna talk about
adolf hitler and the second world
war let us have a mature and
intellectual discussion
about all of hitler and the second world
war
now first of all and we've all seen the
the bad side of adolf hitler i'd suggest
that you
have a glimpse at the good sides as it
were i will link the
greatest story never told below so you
can get
an alternate view of things for me
other hitler was a very accomplished
economist
realize this there are no good and evil
there's only
tribes and nations fighting against each
other the golden one
says that he's not uh neo-nazi although
from my perspective from the majority
people perspective
the gold month definitely isn't neo-nazi
but reasonable definition
cory by his own definition explains that
he does not consider himself a racist
and the core of his apologia's defense
of himself
is that he he says his beliefs are based
on facts and are not based on hatred
but i think anyone if you watch this
video you can very easily come to the
conclusion that yes
actually most of what he's saying it is
hateful
it is motivated by hatred and again if
if you really feel that these other
ethnic groups are infuriated you in the
way as he says
it's his example someone born with it
with a small penis who can't do anything
but more it's not their fault as he says
you know you were i know you can't help
being born under
in a specific country with a specific
you know a specific race or a specific
iq or whatever
you know but the thing is like let's say
you're born with an 85 iq
just like somebody who's born with a
two-inch dick that's like i'm sorry you
got the [ __ ] of the stick
i mean what you can't really do anything
about it but
why are you so hateful of these other
ethnic groups
you know perfect i don't believe in any
of the factual claims major i don't
believe in any of the historical
assumptions i feel
none of this is convincing to me uh from
premise through conclusion believe me to
me it's
it's all laughable it's all a joke and
you can tell by watching this i mean has
he ever opened a book on any of these
topics
whether it's the history of the native
people of north america or the history
of the colonization of africa or india
or
china there's a whole world of of
history here
that um they run roughshod over and seem
to have absolutely zero sensitivity to
and zero
real factual understand um
but the core conceit of his worldview
is that he doesn't hate black people
he hates stupid people and he believes
that black people are born
intellectually inferior with some
exceptions because he also claims that
he has some
some black friends claims he has one
good black friend i wonder if that
one friend is still a friend of yours
after they've seen this video corey
i wonder how you think you can be a
vegan
fitness icon i wonder how you think you
can make a living
selling diet and exercise advice um
when these your political beliefs in the
world uh and you're not allowed to say
blacks keep going around killing people
they're the number one
deaths by murder or illegal weapons
uh and when even when they do commit
murder overall
um it's it's like 90 of the time done
with an illegal gun
yet these murder rates are given to us
an excuse of why
white people should have their guns
taken away when
what the majority of um
killings by white people with guns is
suicide
no one is allowed to speak openly about
these
racial and religious differences that
are causing
white countries massive problems and if
you dare to say
anything about it you are the
evil incarnate and you know you deserve
you're literally hitler apparently yeah
uh people i am not remotely exaggerating
people have lost their jobs for saying
things that have been perceived as
racist
yeah and this brings me back to the
whole point that
facts can't be [ __ ] racist
facts aren't racist
whispering uh we are told oh the only
reason that we could conquer them was
because they were such
peaceful people no a lot of them were
cannibals
a lot of them were doing human
sacrifices
scale you know they were committing
genocide within their own little groups
um these these weren't just as savage
people
you know and that's what they called
routinely
savages and that's what they were when
we turned up
um and of course you can you know that's
i guess
that's the subjective description so you
can say well i don't think they were
savages
but the general consensus um was that a
lot of these
groups of people who we conquered were
savages and the reason why we thought
earth savages
was because they acted like savages they
do such things as crafting in their own
water supply
which they still do yeah which was still
spending
millions and millions of dollars in
foreign aid and trying to educate them
not to do
europeans would come in and like build
farms for them and try to show them how
to farm and
and then once those europeans left the
farm would fall into disrepair because
they just
either they just [ __ ] didn't they
didn't either they didn't know how to do
it or they got they were too lazy to do
it
but when you live in a country you can
walk outside a coconut falls in your
head i mean you don't really have any
need to like
have to learn how to do complex things
like farming to to survive
basically because you can just find food
like easily
you know it's just you know whereas
europeans let me go through an ice age
and therefore had to learn how to work
in groups how to learn how far we
started
and plan ahead we started using
agricultural technology eight to ten
thousand
years ago when we settled after the ice
age
as the original humans settling
in areas of ireland britain
france etc and
so the r1b haplogroup yeah is basically
responsible for
90 of the world or more their inventions
basically
the top inventions i mean the r1b
haplogroup
uh which seems to branch out around the
british isles and parts of
western europe um basically has been
responsible for some of the greatest
literature the greatest music
the greatest artwork the greatest
sciences
it's just it it's like it's all focused
in that one little area that one little
region
little by from paris one small region
um that all shares the same y chromosome
yep
is that a coincidence you know is there
a genetic cluster in this particular
area that has conquered most of the
world
containing north italy which is rome
um greece which obviously had its own
little
empire i believe um
that germany which had an empire france
which had an empire
spain which obviously conquered the
south of uh south america etc
and the british isles which conquered
virtually
and even to this day you find that a lot
of like medical research
and uh is being conducted also in
america and australia and
why would that be think about that
because the r1b haplogroup then
was sent over to those two places
they're colonies you know british
colonies you know scottish irish and
british colonies
so that would make sense yeah yeah
because there's a heavy german
population in america there even was
during the colonial times uh
um there were uh and australia's got a
lot of uh
mediterranean evolves like just look at
every single
civilized country in the world um aside
from the east asians which are kind of
like a separate issue that we could talk
about
another time i don't really feel need to
go into it um
they're all colonized by white people
and this is not because white people
have gone around
stealing and as as we are told like they
just stole the gold of the locals or
something
um which i'm sure they did steal some
gold but come on how much gold did these
people have they couldn't even
they don't think they were very
technologically advanced enough to eat
from that yeah
there was gold there they weren't
working with metals they probably didn't
even know there was gold there
like you know we just happened to find
these resources that we could use
yeah so there's this kind of idea that
we've like we've stolen everything off
them and that's how we got wealthy
nope we were we were the wealthiest um
area on earth before we went out
branched out and built all these massive
ships and went out
and uh conquered the areas so
anyway yeah uh we're just fed up of
being told
that the only reason white people are
wealthy is because
they're bad people and that all their
ancestors were bad people
and now we have to pay in foreign aid
in welfare by giving our countries up
uh by giving our citizenships up to
um people from third world countries and
then the force diversification the
neighborhoods but bear in mind we're all
the same do you want to talk about that
as well
um yeah it's like you know i i've
heard i i don't know if this is
conspiracy or what but i've heard that
obama has a plan to force diversify
neighborhoods in america that are what
you would call lily white in america
which is basically their
upper class uh white pretty much white
only neighborhoods that
have extraordinarily low crime rates
obviously
um think wet parts of westchester new
york for example
um and i hear that that obama has a plan
i believe that it's going to be uh
carried over if hillary becomes
president that she's got somebody from
obama's team that's working with her
uh it's like his legacy sort of thing
where they're going to force diversify
these neighborhoods where the
government's going to buy up houses in
these neighborhoods and
put low-income ethnically diverse
families into them including
people that are known violent criminals
into these neighborhoods to force and to
inject diversity
again these are people who claim that
we're all the same then why
use the word diversity you [ __ ]
[ __ ]
you know that doesn't make any [ __ ]
sense hypocrisy much
but the point is they're going to force
diversify neighborhoods so that all
neighborhoods are
forced uh and basically by doing this it
would also also prevent white flight
because
um which is something that does occur
historically because where the [ __ ] are
you gonna go if all neighborhoods are
ending are gonna be ending up uh being
force diverse
diversified you know that's that's uh so
like obviously they're trying to counter
the potential of white flight as well
which does historically happen
it even happened in the south bronx uh
if i'm not mistaken
uh was once a um a very white
neighborhood and that it's basically
fallen into become a [ __ ]
essentially
because when the uh ethnic diversity
began to come into that neighborhood
the whites [ __ ] off and and basically
left
them um the neighborhoods fell in
disrepair because the the locals um
that are that are remain there just
don't take care of the neighborhoods
they don't
keep them up yeah i think we all know
this intuitively
i mean everyone's driven through a
really crap area and being like oh why
this is a really crap barrier and it's
like oh it's
it's populated by ethnics i wonder why
it's the kind of areas that the area
that me and a friend of mine jokingly
say like when you go
when you pass through these if you end
up in one uh hold on to your wallet
yeah like we all we all intuitively know
that there are certain groups of people
who have a higher crime rate who are
[ __ ] at doing anything
who can't turn up on time to places who
are extremely unreliable and make
mistakes all the time and expect to get
bailed out for it
um and but yet we're told
that to have this pattern recognition
ability
is to create a stereotype and creating
stereotype is wrong and evil and you
shouldn't do that
i mean i i've on on my own channel i've
had uh
people you know come out and attack me
like try to shame me
name call things like that because
because of of tara
you know my girlfriend and because i'm
friends with the golden one so they
and and these idiots don't know what a
nazi is so they they say but did you
know the golden one's a nazi it's like
no i didn't know he was a national
socialist you know i just thought he was
a nationalist you know i didn't know he
was a national socialist in fact i
thought he was kind of he didn't really
agree with socialism
these [ __ ] idiots have no idea they
throw the word nazi around like
they don't even know what it means you
know it's that's the thing about the
leftists they don't even have a [ __ ]
clue
and uh i think they actually just use
nazi as synonymous with nationals yeah
yeah they call people literally hitler
you know i didn't give a [ __ ] if they
call me racist
i don't give a [ __ ] i'm just for me i
don't really care they can call
i've been called that have been called
worse but the thing is is that it's
stupid and i can't handle stupid stupid
[ __ ] things up for the rest of us
that's the problem with stupid low iq's
[ __ ] things up for the rest of us um
yeah so um if if you wonder why these
correlations are happening
it's because of physiological reasons
brain differences hormonal differences
yeah uh we are very different we built
we look very different on the outside
and we
are very different on the inside
evolution doesn't just happen on the
surface
races and gender we're all different you
know you know it's absurd to say we're
all the same
we're not the same but you know that's
just how it is you know it's not racist
to state the facts but
these leftists want to live in a little
rainbow colored world where
roses and rainbows and everything smell
sweet and everything tastes good and
everyone is [ __ ] equal
that's not the case yeah it's a bit of a
better a better pill to swallow
uh when you realize that
people are born with a genetic cap
on their iq yeah you know some people
who are born
they're never going to have an iq higher
than 85.
yeah whatever you do give them treat
them like a prince and they will
and the thing about that is is that so
you know you were i know you can't help
being born
under in a specific country with a
specific you know a specific race or a
specific iq or whatever
you know but the thing is like let's say
you're born with an 85
iq just like somebody who's born with a
two-inch dick
it's like i'm sorry you got the [ __ ] of
the stick i mean
what you can't really do anything about
it but you know
just make the best of what you got i
guess but you know to go around saying
that everyone is equal when there are
inherent differences
um even amongst you know whites there
are inherent differences you know there
are some whites that
you know i meet that that are so low in
iq and i and i'm just like
i can't even talk to these people i
can't have a reasonable conversation
with them it's
it's just ridiculous you know there's
just inherent differences you know
nobody
is that we're all different you know
there are people there's always going to
be someone smarter
someone less intelligent someone who's
got a bigger dick someone's got a
smaller dick
somebody who's more talented in a given
area somebody who's less talented
somebody has no [ __ ] talents you know
there's always going to be differences
there are differences we're not all the
same
and it's absurd to try to say that we're
all the same when the differences are
smack you in the face obvious yeah you
know and it's a little bit just [ __ ]
look
too observe try to demonize people for
exercising basic pattern recognition
abilities
okay you know there are patterns
based on what happens within ethnic
groups and
people will say it's cultural and oh
it's just how they were brought up etc
but no i believe that culture
is um secondary to genetics
so if people are like violent have
violent tendencies in their culture
it's normally secondary to genetic
physiological biological reasons
you know um in white society we have a
high trust culture
but this is after like thousands and
thousands of years
of killing off the people who are
criminals you know because we used to
kill them
we used to just get rid of them get them
out of a gene pool whereas in africa
it's literally like the most violent man
gets the most women
you know in these kind of situations um
so they just have not evolved in the
same way that we have and that comes
down to the whole arc
our selected case selected thing as well
which is another difference we're not
all the same
you know so um yeah we've um we have
different genes
i i i sympathize with nothing corey says
here
nothing it's the thing but um the one
thing i can say is is apparel for my own
life
is that i know what it's like for me not
to be able to get a job because i'm not
christian
um especially back when i openly
identified as buddhist back when i was a
buddhist involved in humanitarian work
and a lot of the humanitarian sector is
dominated by christian charities
and those guys you know would not talk
with me and would not deal with me
i do think that corey is setting himself
up in a situation in life
where his extreme political beliefs will
prevent him from getting work
will prevent him from leading a normal
life and um
as we all know it's certainly possible
to be vegan and be right-wing it's
certainly possible to be vegan and
racist it is possible to vegan and to be
a fascist
it is possible to be vegan and to
believe all the things that corey is
going to explain to you he believes here
it's possible
but you will certainly be very harshly
judged
by your fellow vegans and cory goes on a
great length to
explain what an intellectually is how
his beliefs are rational and based on
facts
are not based on hatred etc
corey man i i hope i hope one day in the
future
you can look back on this and laugh i
hope one day in the future you've really
changed i hope one day i delete this
video because you've changed because you
become a different man
i hope i hope so man um
but before you could ever get to that
stage you'd have to fundamentally
have enough intellectual respect for the
people who disagree with you
that you'd really listen to them that
you've really listened to the facts they
have to present
that you really listen to the moral
arguments they have to present
that are in such uh stark country
distinction
to your own view of the world in fact
one of cory's
good good friends is a black guy yeah
very intelligent guy you know this is
why i'm saying i i a racist would
blanketly for no good reason just
hate a group of people if because the
color of the skin or for whatever reason
like for instance johnny would be a
racist because johnny hates all blacks
but why does johnny hate blacks well
they're black you know he doesn't
there's no real good reason for it it's
completely unjustified
now facts like this is what i would keep
we keep saying what we're talking about
facts can't be racist
it's not racist to say that you know
blacks are committing more crime
facts can't be racist but try telling
out the leftists leftists are these
[ __ ] dumb pukes who when they can't
win an argument they instead try to
shame or name
call you know or or you know make you
look bad or get your job taken away from
you or whatever it is they try to ruin
your life
it's because they're too [ __ ] dumb to
actually [ __ ]
argue with facts this stuff i mean
look my first video i'm not repeating
any of the material this is the second
video i've made addressing these issues
uh so the material from corey in the
first video is not repeated here
so i recommend you see that i also
recommend you take a look at my earlier
video on the golden one
i do want to make the disclaimer that
the original video they uploaded
was 48 minutes long it was completely
unedited it was one continuous
take so any edits you see in this video
are edits of my own making however i
have tried to be fair i mean i haven't
been taking little snippets out of
context you get a pretty good sense
of the flow of the argument as he
presents it
i said you get to evaluate his view on
his own terms
hey i tried ah and that's a lot more
than corey's ever gonna do